Don't dwell on the past
Believe in yourself.
Follow your heart.
Seize the day.
You only live once.
Past is just past.
Love yourself.
Where there is a will there is a way (Angela Merkel)
Don't beat yourself up.
Life is a journey (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Don't dream, Be it (Tim curry)
No pain, No gain (Benjamin Franklin)
No sweat, No sweet.
The die is cast (Julius Caesar)
When they go low, we go high (Michelle Obama)
I was never less alone than when by myself (Edward Gibbon)
A friend is a second myself (Aristotle)
Appearances are deceptive.
Courage is very important when it comes to anything.
Be brave.
I don't want a perfect life, I want a happy life.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Hang in there.
This is how life is.
The harder you work, the more likely you can reach the goal.
Live positive.
Seeing is believing (Thomas Fuller)
He can do, she can do, why not me?
If not now, then when?
Respect individual.
Habit is a second nature.
The will of man is his happiness (Friedrich von schiller)
Don't take your parents for granted.
Only I can change my life, no one can do it for me (Carol Burnett)
Time is gold.
You deserve to be loved.
Your success is up to your efforts.
This too shall pass away (Abraham Lincoln)
When in doubt, choose change (Lily Leung)
Love what you do.
It is not length of life, But depth of life (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Life is unfair, get used to it (Bill Gates)
Live live there is no tomorrow.
Time waits for no one.
Time is flying never to return (Virgil)
Life is like a box of chocolates, You never know what you're gonna get.
Happiness is a warm puppy (Charles M. Schulz)
Don't give up easily even if you failed.
Don't waste your youth.
I find the harder I work, the more luck I have (Thomas Jefferson)
Pain past is pleasure.
United we stand, divided we fail (John Dickinson)
Envy and wrath shorten life.
Life is all about timing.
Think like a man of action and act like man of thought.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
By doubting we come at the truth.
A man that hath no virtue in himself, ever envieth virtue in others.
When money speaks, the truth keeps silent.
Better the last smile than the first laughter.
In the morning of life, work; in the midday, give counsel; in the evening, pray.
Painless poverty is better than embittered wealth.
A poet is the painter of the soul.
Error is the discipline through which we advance.
Faith without deeds is useless.
Weak things united become strong.
We give advice, but we cannot give conduct.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
Forgiveness is better than revenge.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
Pain past is pleasure.
Books are ships which pass through the vast seas of time.
Who begins too much accomplishes little.
Better the last smile than the first laughter.
Faith is a higher faculty than reason.
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.
Great art is an instant arrested in eternity.
Faith without deeds is useless.
The world is a beautiful book, but of little use to him who cannot read it.
Heaven gives its favourites-early death.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
Suspicion follows close on mistrust.
He who spares the rod hates his son, but he who loves him is careful to discipline him.
All good things which exist are the fruits of originality.
The will of a man is his happiness.
He that has no shame has no conscience.
Weak things united become strong.
A minute’s success pays the failure of years.
To doubt is safer than to be secure.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
A full belly is the mother of all evil.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
By doubting we come at the truth.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Habit is second nature.
Who knows much believes the less.
Only the just man enjoys peace of mind.
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Life itself is a quotation.
He is greatest who is most often in men’s good thoughts.
Envy and wrath shorten the life.
Where there is no desire, there will be no industry.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
Education is the best provision for old age.
To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war.
Music is a beautiful opiate, if you don’t take it too seriously.
Appearances are deceptive.
Let thy speech be short, comprehending much in few words.
Things are always at their best in the beginning.
A gift in season is a double favor to the needy.
In giving advice, seek to help, not to please, your friend.
The difficulty in life is the choice.
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
All fortune is to be conquered by bearing it.
Better is to bow than break.
Good fences makes good neighbors.